[Music]
seven types of child behavior dangerous
to ignore those of us who have children
know that it takes a lot of time and
effort to ensure that they grow up well
mannered educated and adapted to life
here are the most common child behavior
problems do not ignore even a single one
otherwise it will cause serious
consequences for your kids and your
relationship with them number seven
ignoring someone's bad deeds if your
child keeps quiet about any bad
situations happening with others you
have to explain to them the difference
between being a blabbermouth and being
vigilant also you need to listen to your
child and refrain from judging you
should help them understand the
situation so that the two of you can
find the right solution together 6
sibling rivalry first you should find
the root of the problem and forbid your
kids from fighting with each other help
your children feel like a team and teach
them to resolve conflicts fairly you
shouldn't scold them but explain to them
the importance of respecting each
other's feelings also try to spend time
with each of your little ones regularly
to make both of them equally happy 5
best if your child is stolen something
for the first time keep calm maintaining
the right attitude is important you
should find out the motives and explain
that to do so is utterly wrong then ask
your child to return the thing or pay
for it and apologize to its owner if
they continue to steal seek professional
psychological help
otherwise this type of behavior might
turn into a persistent habit for
disrespectful attitude never yell at
your kid for this first find out what is
causing this behavior teach your child
the right way to express their emotions
and desires they must learn to remain
common to listen if your child keeps
behaving insolently take away the
privileges for a while that he or she
enjoys 3 dishonesty the main thing is
not to give in to irritation explain to
your child in a calm voice the
importance of honesty and trust in
relationships take time to think of an
appropriate punishment that will teach
your child that lying is unacceptable if
dishonesty becomes the norm
this can be a sign of more serious
problems in this case contact a
specialist - whining have your kids ever
tried to get your attention in an
annoying way keep a dispassionate
expression remind your child that he or
she should speak in a normal voice if
this behavior becomes permanent you've
got to figure out what's wrong with the
relationships in your family discuss the
situation with your child to avoid
whining in the future one rude manners
don't put too much pressure on your kids
while teaching them manners instead
concentrate on reminding them to be
attentive to others it's also critical
for adult members of your family to
behave properly as kids simply repeat
what they see now how do you deal with a
stubborn child do you have any helpful
tricks let us know in the comments below
are you visiting our channel for the
first time and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]